We just added inputs for categories to the farm for editing an existing article.
This farm is also used in the new article page.
But if we view that page now we get an error.
In the farm we added a loop that displays the available categories from the categories array and showing
them as selected based on the contents of the category I.D. already.
In the edit script we're creating these two variables here.
So that's copy these.
And paste them into the new article script.
For a new article there won't be any existing category I.D. So instead of this we can just initialize
this to an empty array.
This method requires the database connection.
So let's move it from inside this block to up here before the method call.
When the edit farm is submitted we're getting the category I.D. values from the farm here.
So that's Cuppy this line too.
And paste it in the new script here.
Now the errors in the new article page have gone and were shown the list of available categories.
What's more if I select a category or two when I submit the form and its readers splayed because of
validation errors the categories I selected remain checked.
In the edit farm when the article is updated we call this set categories method on the article object
to assign the categories.
Let's copy this line to
and paste it in the new article script.
Once the article rijkaard has been successfully created.
Let's give that a try.
If I enter some valid data for the article fields and select some categories when I submit the form
the new article is created and if I edit it we can see the categories have been assigned successfully.
Previously we changed the individual article script in the root so that the assigned categories are
displayed too.
Let's make this change to the equivalent page in the admin area too.
First let's copy the line where we get the article data.
And replace this line in the admin article script.
Then will copy the entire contents of the article element in the astm l..
And replace the code in the admin scripts.
Finally we need to change these links so that were getting the article idae from the array.
Instead of the object.
Now when we create a new article.
We can see which categories we've assigned and if we edit them.
We can see the changes straight away.